it's serious with the referrals that are
caught flap learned his return to warwick
at the wharf where the water came in
the year having been returned
it looks like they had more
been warned but also paul warwick himself
picks up and then there encouragement
it is the one who lives it on the ground
ie all of them so that's not it
funny plays at la rochelle last year the
kicking his tackle at
delaying plating up and more
we will exchange between
key referees peter alan and the
window
five yellow cards for you there
who will be excluded ten minutes for this
plating deemed dangerous on poor mac
and Parisians in French blatter's
cloud plays in Castres May 14 not to
valenciennes that's dangerous
why and then we come back to a
treviso poker penalty everything takes
repeating who has fled hugely to
its water players or there against that
sleep the reims have a card at her
Moreover there comes into account because
we are and why not the pure height
bench behind
it's paid cash
listen sir call me and wanted me
absolutely go to see a scud arrive
he will jump over the grouping
so he has nothing to do and that's it
and that normally it deserves a
exclusion also of ten minutes
so we're going to listen to maximalist sir
okay
we will call williamson yes it's not
do everything in order to rugby cardboard
red gentlemen no I do not seem to
off heard what is certain they
will lead the guinea-bissau penalty but
yet regional had precisely this
may not be already given cardboard
yellow in the meeting the seimat but
the ipcc it is clear the carto which would have
been for me a deserved moment and we
does not necessarily include the decision of the
side of the French stadium camp on the
bench we expected to see out a
small rusk managed the sepur wind
dangerous